Enhance the exposition of supported solver and related file format in DPF (#1059)
ansys/pydpf-core: docs/source/getting_started/index.rst

The Data Processing Framework (DPF) provides numerical simulation users and engineers with a toolbox
for accessing and transforming simulation data. DPF can access data from Ansys solver

> result files as well as from several neutral `file formats <https://dpf.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/index.html>`_.

Reviewer: @MichaelNale instead of linking to stable, which may not be right in the future or depending on many things, you can actually refer to another reference in the doc. We have an example here https://github.com/ansys/pydpf-core/blob/03c6ca54e7d0c03a53c16b6aeb4f795aff1d669f/docs/source/user_guide/plotting.rst?plain=1#L1  with a reference here https://github.com/ansys/pydpf-core/blob/03c6ca54e7d0c03a53c16b6aeb4f795aff1d669f/docs/source/getting_started/install.rst?plain=1#L26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
result files as well as from several neutral file formats (See :ref:`supported_file_formats`).
```

Author: Well the referencing works for section but not for table. So I referenced the main index page
